SHIPPING POLICY

Please read the following information carefully before placing your order.

Unfortunately, because we are a small business, we can only ship within the United States at the moment. However, this is not a permanent decision, as we hope to provide shipping options to other international destinations in the future!

Mail Carriers

All orders are handled by USPS (United States Postal Service).

Shipping Costs/Types

We offer Free Shipping for orders over $40.00 USD. Otherwise, you pay the shipping rate that is calculated at checkout.  

As we are a small business, we are unable to offer shipping options other than the standard shipping option at the moment, so please keep this in mind at checkout. As we continue to grow, we hope to provide you with more shipping options with your order in the near future!

Processing & Shipping Time

Once your order has been received, processing, packaging, and labeling will require 1-4 business days. Depending on the volume of your order, most shipping times can take approximately 1-2 weeks. Holiday seasons and other events may increase processing and shipping times, so please keep this in mind when placing your order. 

Once the tracking number is activated, you can track your order status through USPS.

Can I get a refund if my order is delayed or lost in transit?

We do not offer refunds on lost or delayed orders. Once your order is shipped from its place of origin, it is in the hands of the postal service, and you will need to contact your local post office for further assistance. We can only issue full refunds with no shipping fees if you request an order cancellation within the order’s processing time. For more information, please refer to our Return Policy.

Do all orders get a tracking number?

Orders that include anything beyond stickers (pins, prints, sticker sheets, etc.) are shipped in a padded envelope or box with a printed shipping label, which includes a tracking number. Once the label has been created, you will be notified when the tracking number is activated. Orders of stickers only ship in a standard stamped envelope; USPS does not provide a tracking number for First-Class Mail letters; however, we will notify you once your order has been delivered to the post office.

Changes to our Shipping Policy

We reserve the right to modify our shipping policy at any time without prior notice, so please review this frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If an order was placed before changes were made to the shipping policy, we will honor the version of the policy in effect at the time your order was placed. Your continued use of our website and services following the posting of any changes constitutes your acceptance and understanding of the revised policy.

